Privacy Policy

This Document is purely written on the format of old computer can read easily encoded on ascii character
As Wanbioner Networks From its Developer , Collaborator , Contributor And Team

We re abide to Pi Network Privacy Policy so if you do something that violate their Network, Service and Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy has no much use cause your is not in PI Network.

1. What Type of Data and Information We Collect From you

- Public IPv4 Address / IPv4 Address you use to access to wanbioner domain such as piwan.net
- Anonymous Nickname you use to play game in the networks 
- Pi Network Wallet Address
- Pi Network Username
- Pi Apps ID / App Hash
- Operating System Hostname or Machine Name

2. What for that data used

- IPv4 its used to block or add you into wanbioner domain such as piwan.net collective networks
- Anonymous Nickname is used purely for Game purpose as your character name in the game and matchmaking
- Pi Network Wallet Address is used to charge for a Pi payment or distribute wanbioner Node Earning.
- Pi Network Users Hash this data is linked to your nickname so we know your game sessions in the purpose of matchmaking
- Pi Apps ID / App Hash this data is used if you develop Pi Apps with our wanbioner SDK as Game Dev
- Operating System Hostname is used to see if the Pi Apps Game Data Packet Delivered on Peer to Peer basis or through Intermediate

3. Disclosure Information

Any Information you provide to us either by email or access wanbioner such as piwan.net through your browser
is stored through Wanbioner networks across trusted nodes it can be CLOUD SERVICE PROVIDER
ISP or PERSONAL Maintaining the Distributed Database , so keep in mind please don't put IMPORTANT or
Sensitive Information on this Service as the Database is secured by COLLECTIVE in the networks.

Any Deletion Request on such information will be processed through Wanbioner data deletion request 
and we cannot guarantee that everyone is keeping the same type of database on the Wanbioner Networks
so deletion of any record on our database or our networks will take time according to the Networks that Running
Wanbioner Node.

4. Third Party Links
We As Collective in Wanbioner from Time To Time 
May Contain third party links that the right of use and license is belong to them who create
the game under or Site under Wanbioner SDK.

Please Note that Website , Game , Or Service we linked may have
their own Privacy Policy and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. 
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or Game
under Wanbioner SDK.

5. User Generated Content

Any users generated content that using wanbioner service or game that use Wanbioner SDK as long its
license is not for commercial purpose like stated by Third Party or Wanbioner is Users Rights.
Users also has right to record their gameplay footage on game that use Wanbioner SDK
as long the game played by users did not contains any COPYRIGHT material such as Sound Effects, 
Animation , Logo , Image , that Trademark specificed or belong to Third Party that use Wanbioner SDK or Wanbioner Network Service.
So read the License on the Game or Publisher who use this SDK as their Base Networks.

6. Your Rights - Access To Data
You have the right to ensure that your personal data is being processed lawfully (Subject Access Right). 
Your subject access right can be exercised in accordance with data protection laws and regulations belong to wanbioner node address.
Any subject access request must be made in writing to Wanbioner Networks contact information. 
We will provide your personal data to you within the statutory time frames. 
To enable us to trace any of your personal data that we may be holding, 
we may need to request further information from you. 
If you have a complaint about how we have used your information, 
you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) on your area.
and contact the person in charge of Maitaining Wanbioner Node for the request.

7. Changes Of Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will written on this privacy txt  
and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail , generated to Html or Markdown and Posted On Wanbioner Network 
Website so Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.

8. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
https://piwan.net/contact

current available public address shared to Wanbioner Developer , Team , and Contributor

Email : piwannet@gmail.com

Wanbioner Time Message (WBTM)
This Time is copied from https://piwan.net/network
Written On     : 2023-02-18T05:30:04.195Z
Written By     : GMNP
Last Update On : 2023-05-24T09:08:16.314Z
Last Update By : GMNP
