Terms Of Service 
Please read these terms of service ("terms", "terms of service") carefully before using piwan.net website or SDK (the "service") operated by piwan Team as ("us", "we", "our").

This Document is abide to Terms Of Service of Pi Network 
so any Terms Of Service written on Pi Network is relevant with this Terms of Service.

This Document is purely written on the format of old computer can read easily encoded on ascii character
As Piwan.net From its Developer , Collaborator , Contributor And Team

1. Conditions of Use

We will provide services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document. Every time you visit this website, use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. 
This is why we urge you to read them carefully.

2. Privacy Policy

Before you continue using our website we advise you to read our privacy policy [https://piwan.net/privacy] 
regarding our user data collection. It will help you better understand our practices and services.

3. Copyright

Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of piwan.net and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws. 
The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of piwan.net, with copyright authorship for this compilation by Piwan.net .

4. Communications

The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us. 
You hereby consent to receive communications from us. 
If you subscribe to the news on our website, you are going to receive regular emails from us. 
We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails. 
You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements, and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.

5. Applicable Law

By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the piwan node location, 
without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms of service, 
or any dispute of any sort that might come between piwan.net or its piwan node and you, or its business partners and associates.

6. Disputes

Any dispute related in any way to your visit to this website or to products you purchase from us 
shall be arbitrated by state or federal court at your location where you live at on the neares piwan node 
and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.

7. Comments, Reviews, and Emails

Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy, or injurious in any other way to third parties. 
Content has to be free of software viruses, political campaigns, and terroris activism and abide to the law with piwan node in your area.
We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content. When you post your content, you grant piwan.net non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media.

8. License and Site Access

We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. You are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done only with written consent from us as TEAM on piwan.net .

9. Illegal Access

Any Attemp of Illegal Access to piwan.net or piwan node , use the way it should not , 
Activites like  Spamming The Network , Brute Forcing Encryption , Attempt To Reverse Engineer Propertiary Library , Data Dumping , Account Hacking,
Use the Network with unofficial or modified program, Imitating as respresentative of piwan.net without written consent
and the usage of unrelevant use of service or network other than gaming and be a piwan node broker is probihited.

We Reserve the rights to block your networks , Add your activities to blacklist ,
Terminate and Reject your Sessions if we found you do activities like stated above.

10. User Data

If you are an owner of an data on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (nickname,hash,wallet address). 
You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.

We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content if we found TOS or Privacy Violation on the usage of the service.


11. Change Of TOS
This Terms of Service may be changed in the future according to Network Growth,Usage, Political Events, 
Update Of Other Privacy Policies and Terms Of Service, 
so check this page often or read the written txt from the official Piwan Team.

WBTM Network Time
This Time is copied from https://piwan.net/network
Written On     : 2023-02-18T05:30:04.195Z
Written By     : GMNP
Last Update On : 2023-05-16T19:53:06.172Z
Last Update By : GMNP